# Shapeshifter TSC Meeting - 2021-09-28 15:00 CEST

# Attendees
- Jelle Wijnja
- Robben Riksen
- Jasper Aartse Tuijn
- Edward Ross
- Hans de Heer
- Heine van Wieren
- Hugo van der Zwaag
- John Mertic
- Robert Steegh
- Daniel Wich

# Agenda
- Getting up to speed with LFE
  - Website set-up
  - Technical charter
- Backwards compatibility
- Functional Change: add message for measurement data
- Closing

# Actions
- Discuss backwards compatibility: Jasper, Hugo, Edward and Daniel
- Handle pull request on base64 issue: Jasper and Daniel.
- Add unit test to pull request on base64 / encryption issue: Edward
- Long term action: How to handle encryption, make sure the written specification is as simple as possible, and in line with technical implementation (Not yet assigned)
- Make a decision making document on the topic for metering unit type: Daniel and Edward

# Notes
- Everyone agreed on the Technical charter
- Backwards compatibility
  - High level proposal started some discussion. 
  - More discussion will be planned with Jasper, Hugo, Edward and Daniel
- Current pull request about encryption and base64:
  - encryption is done wrong in library when compared to the written specification (Does also hex encoding before base64).
  - The pull request does not yet contain the unit test yet.
  - With this change it should conform to the written specification.
- Functional Change: add message for measurement data
  - Some explanation and examples (also python, and maybe other implementations) would be useful. However, that's why there is the library-api, being an application with a rest interface, that takes care of this.
  - Daniel has some feedback on metering XSD's. Among other things:
    - kW vs kWh: metering is always done in energy (kWh), while the energy trading is done in power (kW). kWh can be transferred back to the average power.
