# Shapeshifter TSC Meeting - 2022-03-29 15:00 CEST

# Attendees
- Jelle Wijnja
- Robert Steegh
- Jorian Gauw
- Hugo van der Zwaag
- Daniel Wich
- Nico Rikken
- Hans de Heer


# Agenda
- Opening
- Proposal new committers: Edward and Daniel
- Updates related to release Shapeshifter 3.0 at 1-5-2022
- Preparations for annual review of Shapeshifter at LFE Technical Advisory Council at 19th April
  - Shapeshifter Progress in LFE project Lifecycle Incubation Stage  
- Criteria for change requests 
- LFE Flexibility Suite
- Closing

# Actions
- Robert will contact Heine regarding updating the stubs 
- Daniel and Jasper review Change Request Service Type, including versioning and Solve discrepancies in library, XSD and specifications + change “UFTP” to “Shapeshifter” 
- Jelle will develop the RELEASE file with help of Nico
- TSC and committers will create the overview to which degree Shapeshifter comply with the OpenSSF Best Practices Badge at the ‘Passing' level
- TSC will review and add to the README file
- Committers will include their details in the COMMITTERS file
- Hugo will integrate the change request template with the issue templates (at each repository)


# Notes
- Proposal new committers: Edward Ross and Daniel Wich
  - Jelle, Jorian, Robert, Jasper and Robben vote in favor to add Edward and Daniel to the committers. Jasper and Robben are absent. Robert votes on behalf of Jasper. Robben agreed via Teams chat. 
- Updates related to release Shapeshifter 3.0 at 1-5-2022
  - concluding: 1-5-2022 seems feasible when the Change Request Capacity limit contracts is excluded from the scope
  - Update per feature Shapeshifter of release 3.0 
    - finished: Solve discrepancies in OrderReference
    - finished: Base64 issue
    - review and follow-up email Jasper <> Edward: Change Request Sub Metering 
    - review Daniel and Jasper at 5-4-2022: Change Request ServiceType 
    - in progress: solve discrepancies in library, XSD and specifications + change “UFTP” to “Shapeshifter”
    - not started: Include versioning 
    - not started: Change Request Capacity limit contracts --> out of scope for release 3.0
- Shapeshifter Progress in LFE project Lifecycle Incubation Stage  
  - (in progress) Have an open and documented technical governance, including:
    - (finisehd) A LICENSE file in every code repository, with the license chosen an OSI-approved license.
    - (in progress) A README file welcoming new community members to the project and explaining why the project is useful and how to get started.
    - (in progress) A CONTRIBUTING file explaining to other developers and your community of users how to contribute to the project. The file should explain what types of contributions are needed and how the process works.
    - (finished) A CODEOWNERS or COMMITTERS file to define individuals or teams that are responsible for code in a repository; document current project owners and current and emeritus committers. 
    - (in progress) A CODE_OF_CONDUCT file that sets the ground rules for participants’ behavior associated and helps to facilitate a friendly, welcoming environment. By default projects should leverage the Linux Foundation Code of Conduct unless an alternate Code of Conduct is approved prior.
    - (not started) A RELEASE file that provides documentation on the release methodology, cadence, criteria, etc.
    - (finisehd) A GOVERNANCE file that documents the project’s technical governance.
    - (finisehd) A SUPPORT file to let users and developers know about ways to get help with your project.
  - (finished) Complete and approve the Technical Charter and agree to transfer any relevant trademarks to The Linux Foundation or its affiliate, LF Projects, LLC, and to assist in filing for any relevant unregistered ones.
  - (in progress) Have achieved and maintained an OpenSSF Best Practices Badge at the ‘Passing' level.
  - (finished) Have had a successful license scan with any critical issues remedied.
  - (finished) Have a defined project mission and scope
  - (in progress) An overview of the project’s architecture and features defined.
  - (not started) A project roadmap defined, which should address the following questions.
    - (not started) What use cases are possible now?
    - (not started) What does the next year look like in terms of additional features and use cases covered?
  - (in progress) Community and contributor growth assessment
    - (finished) The current number of contributors and committers, and the number of different organizations contributing to the project.
    - (in progress) Demonstrate a sustained flow of commits / merged contributions
    - (not starated) A credible plan for developing a thriving user community, in particular expanding the number of committers and contributors?
    - (not started) Outline of the plan for the project to complete the requirements for Adopted Stage
- Criteria for Change Request
  - In brainstorm with TSC members the criteria are defined
  - These criteria are rewritten in a change request template
  - And will be included in the issue template
- LFE Flexibility Suite
  - Shapeshifter TSC will support the LFE Flexibility Suite with the following, with te precondition that release 3.0 is finished.
    - a blog/press release
    - a video, with use cases, and information about how to get more involved
    - a webinar in May
 



