# Shapeshifter TSC Meeting - 2023-08-29 15:00 CEST

# Attendees
- Robben Riksen
- Tom Wetjens
- Geert Mulder
- Hugo van der Zwaag
- Robert Steegh
- Nico Rikken
- Daniel Wich

# Agenda & notes
- Actions from the last TSC
  - No meeting minutes: actions? See actions
  - - Python library is available in the Shapeshifter Github: https://github.com/shapeshifter/shapeshifter-library-python
- Issue list and PRâ€™s
  - Discussed several open issues and assigned them
- Security dashboard
  - Discuss next time
- Fit with Shapeshifter and OpenUK Sustainability award (question from Dan Brown)
  - See actions
- OpenSSF best practices badge levels https://www.bestpractices.dev/en/projects/5724
  - Try to get administration in order and move on to next stage(s)
  - See actions

# Actions
-  Check with Edward whether Shapeshifter implementation at Fusion is a fit for OpenUK award *Robben*
-  Check with Edward when learnings from FUSION implementation can be shared with TSC *Robben*
-  Organize session with Hugo to discuss security practice in the protocol, how to deal with mtls, what is up to implementation etc. *GOPACS, Marten* - when internal discussion is a step further
-  Look at unmet or '?' points in https://www.bestpractices.dev/en/projects/5724. *everyone* - on agenda next TSC how to get to at least Silver level
-  LFE maturity stages and next steps for Shapeshifter in next TSC - related to action above *Nils*
-  Robben, Tom, Marten will suggest a code of conduct and way of working for maintaining the libraries (and relation to the specification). Special attention to responsible disclosure.
