# Shapeshifter TSC Meeting - 2023-03-28 15:00 CEST

# Attendees
- Hugo van der Zwaag
- Robert Steegh
- Daniel Wich
- Aurora Saez Armenteros
- Nico Rikken
- Marten Meijboom
- Robben Riksen

# Agenda & notes
- Actions from the last TSC
- Issue list and PRâ€™s, including way of working
  - Discussed process on how to deal with pull requests and issues
  - Put issue list and pull requests on every TSC agenda
  - In pull requests, tag reviewers so they are notified, for technical changes Hugo, the GOPACS member, Daniel (not Java), for functional changes other TSC members
  - Marten will set up a meeting with Daniel to go through the current issue list to find what is still relevant and what is not. 
- Preparation for the Shapeshifter annual review at LFE
- Discussion: DNS-discovery (requested by Marten - GOPACS)
  - Agreed that this should be optional if no market mechanism is implemented. Marten will create an issue and propose a change.
- Review how editing the new specification document works
  - Postponed to next TSC

# Actions from last TSC
-  Send out questions for threat modeling to current Shapeshifter users to collect feedback: Robben (Hugo review)
-  Review current status of OpenSSF badge and suggest updates (https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/en/projects/5724#): Edward & Daniel=
-  Organize session with Daniel to work through current issue list: Marten (with Daniel)
-  Put issuelist and pull requests on every Shapeshifter TSC agenda: Robben
-  DNS-discovery should be optional if no market mechanism is implemented. Create an issue and propose a change: Marten
