# Shapeshifter TSC Meeting - 2023-05-30 15:00 CEST

# Attendees
- Hugo van der Zwaag
- Robert Steegh
- Daniel Wich
- Aurora Saez Armenteros
- Nico Rikken
- Marten Meijboom
- Robben Riksen
- Tom Wetjens

# Agenda & notes
- Actions from the last TSC
  - Aurora announces Hans de Heer will take over her role as project representative of the FUSION project in the TSC meetings
- Issue list and PRâ€™s
  - Discussed the unassigned bugs in the issuelist. Currently no urgent action needed 
  - Discussed and cleared up open pull requests on the library repository
- Presence of Shapeshifter at LFE Deep Decarbonization summit in Paris later this week

# Actions from last TSC
-  LFE maturity stages and next steps for Shapeshifter in next TSC
-  Robben, Tom, Marten will suggest a code of conduct and way of working for maintaining the libraries (and relation to the specification). Special attention to responsible disclosure.
-  Naming of Java and (to be) Python library repositories on agenda of next TSC
