# Shapeshifter TSC Meeting - 2022-01-31 15:00 CEST

# Attendees
- Heine van Wieren
- Eelco den Heijer
- Aurora Saez Armenteros
- Hugo van der Zwaag
- Daniel Wich
- Nico Rikken
- Edward Ross
- Rainer Schreiber
- Robben Riksen

# Agenda & notes
- Actions from the last TSC
- Takeaway from session about sealing messages with David Wheeler from the Linux Foundation
  - In January a session was held with Hugo, Tom, Marten and David Wheeler, security expert from LFE. In this meeting several recommendations were made:
   - Organize a threat modeling / risk assessment with stakeholders to answer questions about the risks if Shapeshifter messages are intercepted. See actions
   - Make some adaptations to the specification to clarify what is and what is not covered by the specification.
  - Findings, best practices and vulnerabilities should also be documented. 
  - Way forward discussed in next TSC along with results of risk assessment
- Clarify and discuss process concerning committers and contributors and how to contribute code
  - Currently the issue list is long and not structuraly addressed, pull requests are in review for a long time and the process on how to cooperate as committers is not clear enough.
  - Prosal was accepted that every week one of the committers (in the committers.csv file) is responsible for monitoring new requests or issues and to coordinate that the right person will address the issue/review request
  - Every TSC meeting we will together briefly discuss new issues and pull requests.
- Change request concerning hierarchy of congestion points (ready for vote?)
  - By majority vote (all in favor) the proposal was accepted
  - No changes in XSD's or library are necessary, only the specification needs to be adapted. 
  - It is logged as issue along with the documentation, so the change process can be followed towards a new release (will probably mean a version 3.1.0)
- Should Shapeshifter be present on the LFE summit in June (LF Energy Summit | Linux Foundation Events)
  - Good opportunity to generate some publicity for the Shapeshifter project within LFE, to get to know other projects and explore cooperations
  - Share a general Shapeshifter perspective as well as share some insights from implementations


# Actions
- Follow up on communication about release with LFE
- Give some publicity to release in internal organizations: all
- Send out questions for threat modeling to current Shapeshifter users to collect feedback: Robben (Hugo review)
- Edit specification to adhere to the accepted change request and check if specification is impacted in other places: Aurora
- Make proposal for attendance paper: Robben (Daniel and Aurora ask around if their is interest within their implementation organizations to attend and contribute) 
