# Shapeshifter TSC Meeting - 2023-10-31 15:00 CEST

# Attendees
- Robert Steegh
- Nico Rikken
- Daniel Wich
- Eelco den Heijer
- Tom Wetjens
- Hugo van der Zwaag
- Christaan Kornaat
- Stan Janssen

# Agenda & notes
- Actions from the last TSC
  - See actions
- Issue list and PRâ€™s
  - Specification
      - https://github.com/shapeshifter/shapeshifter-specification/issues
      - https://github.com/shapeshifter/shapeshifter-specification/pulls
  - Java library
      - https://github.com/shapeshifter/shapeshifter-library-java/issues
      - https://github.com/shapeshifter/shapeshifter-library-java/pulls
  - Python library
      - https://github.com/shapeshifter/shapeshifter-library-python/issues
      - https://github.com/shapeshifter/shapeshifter-library-python/pulls
- Security dashboard: https://security.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/#/a092M00001KWtA7QAL/overview
  - Scans happen once a week. However the Python library is not included yet and some issues seem to be old. Nico Rikken will check with LFX to fix this, so we can address open issues (if there are any) next TSC.
- OpenSSF best practices badge levels https://www.bestpractices.dev/en/projects/5724
  - Try to get administration in order and move on to next stage(s)
  - See actions
- Discussion about architecture and security best practices
  - needs a follow up in the TSC after a discussion with GOPACS and grid operators, see actions.

Link naar pagina aan bullet toevoegen

# Actions
- Check with Edward when learnings from FUSION implementation can be shared with TSC Robben
- Organize session with Architects on GOPACS and grid operator side to discuss architecture and relation to the protocol, how to deal with mtls, what is up to implementation etc. Robben, Nils
- Look at (must have) unmet or '?' points in https://www.bestpractices.dev/en/projects/5724. everyone - on agenda next TSC how to get to at least Silver level
  - Basics (Marten)
  - Change control (Daniel)
  - Quality (Robert)
  - Security (Nico Mitm)
  - Security (Rainer dev knowledge)
  - Analysis (Daniel)
- Robben, Tom, Marten will suggest a code of conduct and way of working for maintaining the libraries (and relation to the specification). Special attention to responsible disclosure.
- Daniel and Nico will fix signature in PR that solves most of the specification issues. Remaining issues will be discussed and assigned next TSC
