# Shapeshifter TSC Meeting - 2023-11-28 15:00 CEST

# Attendees
- Nico Rikken
- Daniel Wich
- Tom Wetjens
- Hugo van der Zwaag
- Christaan Kornaat
- Robben Riksen

# Agenda & notes
- Actions from the last TSC
  - See actions
- Issue list and PRâ€™s
  - Specification
      - https://github.com/shapeshifter/shapeshifter-specification/issues
      - https://github.com/shapeshifter/shapeshifter-specification/pulls
  - Java library
      - https://github.com/shapeshifter/shapeshifter-library-java/issues
      - https://github.com/shapeshifter/shapeshifter-library-java/pulls
      - Breaking change will be introduced to fix issue in Java library. Will result in new major version. Robben will find the distribution list to announce this to users. This will also be announced in release notes and a migration.md will be created. Impact on most users will be low.
  - Python library
      - https://github.com/shapeshifter/shapeshifter-library-python/issues
      - https://github.com/shapeshifter/shapeshifter-library-python/pulls
- Security dashboard: https://security.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/#/a092M00001KWtA7QAL/overview
  - Scans happen once a week. However the Python library is not included yet and some issues seem to be old. Nico Rikken will check with LFX to fix this, so we can address open issues (if there are any) next TSC.
  - Ongoing, Nico is in contact with LFX
- OpenSSF best practices badge levels https://www.bestpractices.dev/en/projects/5724
  - Almost done, a few pending questions
  - GOPACS en Enexis will go through Quality secion. Warning flags are under discussion, currently not supported in the Java library.
  - Check and determine if and how to use lintr for java library, document how to run tests for the Python library. Process addressing findings should be included in way of working. 
  - See actions
- FOSDEM proposal from Shapeshifter?
  - https://fosdem.org/2023/schedule/track/energy/
  - Energy Devroom
  - Brussels Februari 3 & 4
  - We will submit a proposal
- (on hold until session has taken place) Discussion about architecture and security best practices
  - needs a follow up in the TSC after a discussion with GOPACS and grid operators, see actions.


# Actions
- Submit FOSDEM devroom proposal - Tom
- Find technical distribution email list and communicate it to Tom - Robben
- Check with Edward when learnings from FUSION implementation can be shared with TSC Robben -> pending, refered to Hans de Heer
- Organize session with Architects on GOPACS and grid operator side to discuss architecture and relation to the protocol, how to deal with mtls, what is up to implementation etc. Robben, Nils -> we will not wait for enterprise architects at GOPACS side, organize session with developers an solution architects. Robben will send out datefinder
- Look at (must have) unmet or '?' points in https://www.bestpractices.dev/en/projects/5724. Daniel will have a look at the remaining '?' and put them in a email everyone can review them before the next TSC meeting
- Robben, Tom, Marten will suggest a code of conduct and way of working for maintaining the libraries (and relation to the specification). Special attention to responsible disclosure.
