# Shapeshifter TSC Meeting - 2024-11-29 15:00 CEST

# Attendees
- Hugo van der Zwaag
- Nico Rikken
- Tom Wetjens
- Robben Riksen

# Agenda & notes
- Actions from the last TSC
  - See actions
  - Other non-completed actions added again to these notes
- Remarks
  - Next time use TSC to evaluate the form and effectiveness of the TSC
  - Find new day and time for TSC in 2025
  - Cancel TSC on the 27th of December because of the Christmas Holidays
  - 
- Issue list and PRâ€™s
  - Specification
      - https://github.com/shapeshifter/shapeshifter-specification/issues
      - https://github.com/shapeshifter/shapeshifter-specification/pulls
  - Java library
      - https://github.com/shapeshifter/shapeshifter-library-java/issues
      - https://github.com/shapeshifter/shapeshifter-library-java/pulls
  - Python library
      - https://github.com/shapeshifter/shapeshifter-library-python/issues
      - https://github.com/shapeshifter/shapeshifter-library-python/pulls
- Security dashboard: https://security.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/#/a092M00001KWtA7QAL/overview
- OpenSSF best practices badge levels https://www.bestpractices.dev/en/projects/5724

# Actions
- Tom, Marten, GOPACS: make PR for textual changes to add OAuth recommendation in security addendum
- Hugo: Add policy to dependabot to automatically process patch updates and create PR's for security updates.
- Robben: Add dependency policy to releases.md in the specification repo: Only process Specification major depencency version upates as check before publishing a new specification version.
- Tom: Create V3.x branch for clarity, to indicate that main is not the stable release
- Tom: Create a 'datumprikker' for Tuesday/Wednesday in Amersfoort. We want to start with 1 planned session and then see if we need more.
