# Shapeshifter TSC Meeting - 2024-07-26 15:00 CEST

# Attendees
- Robben Riksen
- Marten Meijboom
- Nico Rikken

# Agenda & notes
- Actions from the last TSC
  - See actions
- Remarks
    - Small group due to vacation period
    - Introduction to SIG's (Special Interest Group) withing LFE, Shapeshifter initially in Grid operators SIG
      - see https://tac.lfenergy.org/process/sigs.html for more information on the roles and responsibilities of a SIG
      - Kickoff on upcomming LFE Summit  
- Issue list and PRâ€™s
  - Specification
      - https://github.com/shapeshifter/shapeshifter-specification/issues
      - https://github.com/shapeshifter/shapeshifter-specification/pulls
  - Java library
      - https://github.com/shapeshifter/shapeshifter-library-java/issues
      - https://github.com/shapeshifter/shapeshifter-library-java/pulls
  - Python library
      - https://github.com/shapeshifter/shapeshifter-library-python/issues
      - https://github.com/shapeshifter/shapeshifter-library-python/pulls
- Security dashboard: https://security.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/#/a092M00001KWtA7QAL/overview
- OpenSSF best practices badge levels https://www.bestpractices.dev/en/projects/5724

# Actions
- Hugo: Add policy to dependabot to automatically process patch updates and create PR's for security updates. 
- Robben: Add dependency policy to releases.md in the specification repo: Only process Specification major depencency version upates as check before publishing a new specification version.
- Robben: add Responsible disclosure github functionality
- For next agenda:
    -  plan working sessions and topics (badge level, quick start guide etc.)
    - Discuss Shapeshifter strategy sessions and make list of topics
