# Shapeshifter TSC Meeting - 2024-01-30 15:00 CEST

# Attendees
- Robben Riksen
- Daniel Wich
- Edward Ross
- Shirley Eibrink-Houter
- Hugo van der Zwaag
- Nico Rikken
- Max Umeh
- Marten Meijboom
- Tom Wetjens
- Hans de Heer (from 15.30 onwards)

# Agenda & notes
- Actions from the last TSC
  - See actions
- Report from discussion about architecture and security best practices
- Issue list and PRâ€™s
  - Specification
      - https://github.com/shapeshifter/shapeshifter-specification/issues
      - https://github.com/shapeshifter/shapeshifter-specification/pulls
  - Java library
      - https://github.com/shapeshifter/shapeshifter-library-java/issues
           - discussed issue 71: https://github.com/shapeshifter/shapeshifter-library-java/issues/71
      - https://github.com/shapeshifter/shapeshifter-library-java/pulls
  - Python library
      - https://github.com/shapeshifter/shapeshifter-library-python/issues
      - https://github.com/shapeshifter/shapeshifter-library-python/pulls
- Security dashboard: https://security.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/#/a092M00001KWtA7QAL/overview
  - Scans happen once a week. Issues with the dashboard have been fixed, dicussion about vulnerabilities
  - See actions
- OpenSSF best practices badge levels https://www.bestpractices.dev/en/projects/5724
- 15.30: Update from the FUSION project Shapeshifter implementation - Hans de Heer

# Actions
- Robben will discuss prioritization of open source contributions concerning vulnerabilities from dashboard scan on GOPACS side
- 
