# Shapeshifter TSC Meeting - 2024-02-27 15:00 CEST

# Attendees
- Robben Riksen
- Daniel Wich
- Shirley Eibrink-Houter
- Hugo van der Zwaag
- Nico Rikken
- Max Umeh
- Marten Meijboom
- Eelco den Heijer

# Agenda & notes
- Actions from the last TSC
  - See actions
- Remarks
    - Nico: The annual TAC review for Shapeshifter will take place in April. We want to make sure that we have at least the OpenSSF 'passing badge' by then. See actions
    - Daniel: Shapeshifter specification documentation is not visible enough. See actions
    - Daniel: Discuss use case for controlling batteries with Shapeshifter. See actions
    - Hugo: Promotion of Shapeshifter after FOSDEM presentation. Currently shared on LinkedIn by EDSN, will be shared also by LF Energy in the future.
- Issue list and PRâ€™s
  - Specification
      - https://github.com/shapeshifter/shapeshifter-specification/issues
      - https://github.com/shapeshifter/shapeshifter-specification/pulls
  - Java library
      - https://github.com/shapeshifter/shapeshifter-library-java/issues
           - discussed issue 71: https://github.com/shapeshifter/shapeshifter-library-java/issues/71
      - https://github.com/shapeshifter/shapeshifter-library-java/pulls
  - Python library
      - https://github.com/shapeshifter/shapeshifter-library-python/issues
      - https://github.com/shapeshifter/shapeshifter-library-python/pulls
- Security dashboard: https://security.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/#/a092M00001KWtA7QAL/overview
  - Scans happen once a week. Issues with the dashboard have been fixed, dicussion about vulnerabilities
  - See actions
- OpenSSF best practices badge levels https://www.bestpractices.dev/en/projects/5724

# Actions
- Robben will send out a date picker to find a suitable alternative timeslot for the TSC Meetings (on request of Tom)
- Daniel and Hugo will look at what needs to be done to gain the OpenSSF passing badge 
- Daniel and Nico will look at creating a new release for the specification documentation (including the PR by Daniel)
- Daniel will create issue regarding an undefined term 'period' in the specification
- Robben will add link to specification documentation to Github to make it more 'findable'.
- Daniel will share reference message flow regarding flexibility on batteries, discuss in next TSC and possibly add as reference to specification documentation
- GOPACS kijkt naar vulnerabilities op java lib
- Robben and Nico will discuss how to promote the use of Shapeshifter in different projects and countries 
- Robben will plan a strategy session for Shapeshifter plans for the future
