# Shapeshifter TSC Meeting - 2025-07-05 14:00 CEST

# Attendees
- Hugo van der Zwaag
- Robben Riksen
- Marten Meijboom

# Agenda & notes
- Actions from the last TSC
  - See actions
- Remarks & discussion topics
  - Discussed Question about how to deal with security issues, following pull request about OAuth on Python library.
      - Set up guidlines as TSC on how to deal with security. Hugo: preferably not based on fully custom code, but where possible use existing libraries so that we are aware of updates etc.
      - Include Hugo's explanation in contributing.md
- Issue list and PRâ€™s
  - Specification
      - https://github.com/shapeshifter/shapeshifter-specification/issues
      - https://github.com/shapeshifter/shapeshifter-specification/pulls
  - Java library
      - https://github.com/shapeshifter/shapeshifter-library-java/issues
      - https://github.com/shapeshifter/shapeshifter-library-java/pulls
  - Python library
      - https://github.com/shapeshifter/shapeshifter-library-python/issues
      - https://github.com/shapeshifter/shapeshifter-library-python/pulls
- Security dashboard: https://security.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/#/a092M00001KWtA7QAL/overview
- OpenSSF best practices badge levels https://www.bestpractices.dev/en/projects/5724 

# Actions
- GOPACS: Review OAuth PR by Marten on security addendum, Marten sends reminder
- Robben: set up meeting with Marten (and other Liander participants) and GOPACS to discuss must-run implementation and impact on Shapeshifter. Result may be input for next TSC or even a meeting before the next TSC
- Robben: Ask John to join next time to explain lfx dashboard and how to maintain. Does the committer list sync to github?\
- Hugo: review MR for OAuth on Python library. Add security policy to contributing.md
- Robben: Add dependency policy to releases.md in the specification repo: Only process Specification major depencency version upates as check before publishing a new specification version. -> needs review after suggestions have been taken into account


Old actions (check if still relevant next TSC)
- Robben: Ask Stedin and Liander participants to rejoin TSC meetings
- Tom & Albert: plan meeting to discuss baseline meeting -> check relevance
- Tom: experiment with roles for maintainers of Java Library, next time discuss findings and proposal to apply this to the whole project -> check relevance
- Daniel: Prepare discussino about NBility mapping of Shapeshifter for next meeting. Nico & Robben will aks Prince Singh from Alliander to join the next TSC
- Robben: Ask at EDSN for insight in CIM mapping of Shapeshifter, prepare for next meeting
- ALL: discuss in respective organizations what interfaces should look like, how this can be made easier etc.
- Hugo: Add policy to dependabot to automatically process patch updates and create PR's for security updates.
