# Shapeshifter TSC Meeting - 2025-07-05 14:00 CEST

# Attendees
- Tom Wetjens
- Robben Riksen
- Marten Meijboom

# Agenda & notes
- Actions from the last TSC
  - Low attendance due to summer holiday
  - Question by Albert on documentation version that is not in line with Shapeshifter 3.2.2 -> Tom logged this as issue 
  - Future proofing Shapeshifter protocol
      - Making XSD's technical forward compatible, adding something should not break it. This will be a breaking change. Address in Q4 2025
          - What do we need to do make this possible
          - What other things do we want to include in the v4 release?
      - Other topics will be introduced by GOPACS delegation in Q4 so they can be refined in Q4 2025 (e.g. facilitate reactive power, message broker with validation role and reservation)
- Remarks & discussion topics
  - Discussed Question about how to deal with security issues, following pull request about OAuth on Python library.
      - Set up guidlines as TSC on how to deal with security. Hugo: preferably not based on fully custom code, but where possible use existing libraries so that we are aware of updates etc.
      - Include Hugo's explanation in contributing.md
- Issue list and PRâ€™s
  - Specification
      - https://github.com/shapeshifter/shapeshifter-specification/issues
      - https://github.com/shapeshifter/shapeshifter-specification/pulls
  - Java library
      - https://github.com/shapeshifter/shapeshifter-library-java/issues
      - https://github.com/shapeshifter/shapeshifter-library-java/pulls
  - Python library
      - https://github.com/shapeshifter/shapeshifter-library-python/issues
      - https://github.com/shapeshifter/shapeshifter-library-python/pulls
- Security dashboard: https://security.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/#/a092M00001KWtA7QAL/overview
- OpenSSF best practices badge levels https://www.bestpractices.dev/en/projects/5724 

# Actions
- Robben: Check availability for physical session on 7th of October for roadmapping towards Shapeshifter v4, at least containing future proofing the xsds and how to make time and create ownership of the project development in your team 
- Robben: Move TSC from 2 September to 9 September
- GOPACS: Review OAuth PR by Marten on security addendum, Marten sends reminder
- Robben: set up meeting with Marten (and other Liander participants) and GOPACS to discuss must-run implementation and impact on Shapeshifter. Result may be input for next TSC or even a meeting before the next TSC
- Robben: Ask John to join next time to explain lfx dashboard and how to maintain. Does the committer list sync to github?\
- Hugo: review MR for OAuth on Python library. Add security policy to contributing.md
- Robben: Add dependency policy to releases.md in the specification repo: Only process Specification major depencency version upates as check before publishing a new specification version. -> needs review after suggestions have been taken into account


Old actions (check if still relevant next TSC)
- Robben: Ask Stedin and Liander participants to rejoin TSC meetings
- Tom & Albert: plan meeting to discuss baseline meeting -> check relevance
- Tom: experiment with roles for maintainers of Java Library, next time discuss findings and proposal to apply this to the whole project -> check relevance
- Daniel: Prepare discussino about NBility mapping of Shapeshifter for next meeting. Nico & Robben will aks Prince Singh from Alliander to join the next TSC
- Robben: Ask at EDSN for insight in CIM mapping of Shapeshifter, prepare for next meeting
- ALL: discuss in respective organizations what interfaces should look like, how this can be made easier etc.
- Hugo: Add policy to dependabot to automatically process patch updates and create PR's for security updates.
