# Shapeshifter TSC Meeting 

**Date and time**: 2025-12-02 14:00 CEST  
**Location**: online

# Attendence
- ...

# Agenda & Notes
## 1. Welcome and introductions
## 2. Approval of the Agenda
## 3. Issue List and PR's
### Specification
- https://github.com/shapeshifter/shapeshifter-specification/issues
- https://github.com/shapeshifter/shapeshifter-specification/pulls
### Java library
- https://github.com/shapeshifter/shapeshifter-library-java/issues
- https://github.com/shapeshifter/shapeshifter-library-java/pulls
### Python library
- https://github.com/shapeshifter/shapeshifter-library-python/issues
- https://github.com/shapeshifter/shapeshifter-library-python/pulls
## 4. Security dashboard
- https://security.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/#/a092M00001KWtA7QAL/overview
## 5. OpenSSF best practices badge levels 
- https://www.bestpractices.dev/en/projects/5724
## 6. Progress Shapeshifter 4
## 7. Any Other Business


# Action Items:
| # | description                                                                                                                                                                                     | who    | due | status                                                                     |
|---|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------|-----|----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 1 | [Check requirements on anti-tampering with NBEA](2025-10-07.md#signing-vs-oauth2-analysis)                                                                                                      | Tom    |     | [question has been asked](2025-11-05.md#agenda--notes), waiting for answer |  
| 2 | [GOPACS to implement version discovery capability](2025-10-07.md#version-adoption-strategy)                                                                                                     | GOPACS |     | is on the backlog, but not on top                                          |
| 3 | [Determine appropriate name/rol for broker/exchange](2025-10-07.md#broker-topology-support)                                                                                                     | Albert |     | TBD                                                                        |
| 4 | [Robben to request invitation to monthly NBEA meeting for Shapeshifter presentation](2025-10-07.md#industry-outreach)                                                                           | Robben |     | TBD                                                                        |
| 5 | [Add to Shapeshifter Github main page a description of what Shapeshifter is, how it relates to or differs from other protocols and in what use cases one could use Shapeshifter](2025-11-05.md) | Tom    |     |                                                                            |
| 6 | [check bug that results in only one Shapeshifter specification version being visible](2025-11-05.md)                                                                                            | Nico   |     |                                                                            |
| 7 | [ask at ELaad if they are aware of applications of OpenADR in use cases similar tot CSC (for which Shapeshifter is being used in the Netherlands)](2025-11-05.md)                              | DaniÃ«l |     |                                                                            |
| 8 | [propose structure for proper agenda and preparation for meetings](2025-11-05.md)                                                                                                               | Albert |     |                                                                            |
